Источник: https://www.playstation.com/en-us/games/ea-sports-fc/
Проверено 2026-10-03

EA SPORTS™ FC 27 - PS4 & PS5 Games | PlayStation (US)
Overview
Ultimate Team
Beginner's Guide
 Choose edition
EA SPORTS FC™ 27
Electronic Arts
Available onPS5
$69.99
Game Trial
Subscribe to EA Play to get a 10-hour game trial
Add to Cart
Add to Wishlist
Add to Cart
Add to Wishlist
PS Plus required for online play
In-game purchases optional
Supports up to 99 online players with PS Plus
Online play optional
1 - 4 players
Remote Play supported
PS5 Version
Vibration function and trigger effect supported (DualSense wireless controller)
PS5 Pro Enhanced
View All
In-Game Purchases (Includes Random Items), Users Interact
Buy EA SPORTS FC™ 27 at PlayStation®Store
Editions:
Standard Edition
Standard Edition
PS4PS5
EA SPORTS FC™ 27 PS4 & PS5
$69.99
Add to Cart
Add to Wishlist
Add to Cart
Add to Wishlist
EA SPORTS FC 27 Lite
EA SPORTS FC 27 Lite
PS4PS5
EA SPORTS FC™ 27 Lite
Free
Add to Library
Add to Wishlist
Add to Library
Add to Wishlist
Ultimate Edition
Ultimate Edition
PS4PS5
EA SPORTS FC™ 27 PS4 & PS5
6000 FC Points over 3 months††
Additional FC 27 Player Evo slot
The Grounds‡‡ content
Career content
$99.99
Add to Cart
Add to Wishlist
Add to Cart
Add to Wishlist
Add-Ons
EA SPORTS FC™ 27 - FC Points 2800
Virtual Currency
Save 10%
$24.99
EA SPORTS FC™ 27 - FC Points 5900
Virtual Currency
Save 10%
$49.99
EA SPORTS FC™ 27 - FC Points 18500
Virtual Currency
Save 10%
$149.99
EA SPORTS FC™ 27 - FC Points 12000
Virtual Currency
Save 10%
$99.99
EA SPORTS FC™ 27 - FC Points 1600
Virtual Currency
Save 10%
$14.99
EA SPORTS FC™ 27 - FC Points 1050
Virtual Currency
Save 10%
$9.99
EA SPORTS FC™ 27 - FC Points 500
Virtual Currency
Save 10%
$4.99
EA SPORTS FC™ 27 - FC Points 100
Virtual Currency
Save 10%
$0.99
EA SPORTS FC™ 27 - FC Points 50
Virtual Currency
Save 10%
$0.79
Show More
What is EA SPORTS FC 27?
Welcome to the World's Game.
Feel greater control across every mode in EA SPORTS FC 27.
Experience unrivalled authenticity with 21,000+ players across 800+ clubs and national teams, in 130+ stadiums and 35+ leagues.
Purchase the Ultimate Edition to get up to seven days of early access to the full game (beginning 18 September 2026), up to 6k FC Points over three months, and more.
New and improved features
Why you should play EA SPORTS FC 27
 The Grounds
Step into The Grounds, a social football playground where the streets meet the stadium (PlayStation 5 only). From Kickabouts and 1v1s to teaming up with friends in Clubs, connect with renowned football mentors, improve your abilities and express yourself on and off the pitch.
 True-to-football gameplay
Feel greater control in every game mode with more fluid, true-to-life gameplay, featuring dynamic corners, enhanced attacking movement, manual defending tailored for competitive play and more community-driven innovations.
 Rebuilt Transfer Market
Sign your next star in Manager Career through a rebuilt Transfer Market with realistic player values and active club bidding. Master new negotiation tactics, including performance and buy-back clauses, as Dynamic OVRs reflect player form, morale and fitness across every club.
 Football Ultimate Team™ Gallery
Immortalise your dream club in Football Ultimate Team™ with the brand-new FUT Gallery. Curate your favourite Player Items to grow your Gallery Level, earn rewards, and build your Club’s identity throughout the new football season.
 Find out more about Football Ultimate Team
Pre-order EA SPORTS FC™ 27 Ultimate Plus Edition by 31 August, 2026 to receive:
85+ OVR Icon international player item
Hall of FUTTM 1 of 5 player pick1
Up to 7 days' early access
Premium Pass Seasons 1-5
2 Double AXP 10 matches consumables
Pre-order challenges
10,000 FC Points across five monthly drops 2
FUT Player Evo additional slot
3 Icons/Heroes non-exclusive in Career
Manager Live additional 5 challenge creation slots
1 Choose from Adebayo Akinfenwa, Giovani dos Santos, Loic Remy, Marouane Fellaini and Eljero Ellia.
2 You must complete the steps to obtain the initial FC Points distribution by 1 June, 2027 to receive all 10,000 FC Points.If you redeem after 26 September, 2027, you will not receive any FC Points.
Choose edition
See it in action
Take a deep dive into EA SPORTS FC 27's gameplay
Career Deep Dive
Career has been overhauled in EA SPORTS FC 27, with a new transfer market system, dynamic player ratings, player development adjustments, freshly minted Creator Challenges, and more.
Gameplay Deep Dive
Here’s how EA SPORTS FC 27 changes the game when it comes to manual defending, all-new attacking options, corner movement, fluid passing and more.
Ultimate Team Deep Dive
Ultimate Team is more rewarding than ever in EA SPORTS FC 27, with the new FUT Gallery offering bonuses for building themed sets of players, single-player live events, the expansion of Tokens, and more.
The Grounds Deep Dive
Welcome to The Grounds, a new football playground for EA SPORTS FC 27 players on PlayStation 5. Share your journey with up to 100 other players across three distinct districts in this celebration of global football culture encompassing small-sided matches, kickabouts and many more social activities.
Check out what The Grounds has to offer in the deep dive video above
Your Club’s world just got a lot bigger
The Grounds
The Grounds is the most social way to play EA SPORTS FC™ 27, bringing up to 100 players together in a shared football playground, built around a central Terrace and three distinct districts inspired by football cultures around the world. Available on PlayStation 51, The Grounds lets you meet up with friends, take part in Small-sided football matches and Kickabouts in the park, connect with renowned football mentors, and experience everything this football playground has to offer. With Clubs at the heart of this evolving world, you and your Clubmates have more ways to connect, compete and progress your Club.
 Find out more at EA.com
1 The Grounds is not available on the PlayStation 4 version of EA SPORTS FC 27.
Player Ratings
The all-important Ratings are in for the top 27 men and women in the world of football. Check out those elite squads below, and explore further Ratings for the 21,000+ players available in EA SPORTS FC 27 at EA.com.
 Men's football
 Women's football
Join PlayStation Plus for
Online Multiplayer
Available on
Enjoy a range of online modes with a PlayStation Plus membership.
Join your Clubs teammates in The Grounds, a social football playground where you can challenge rivals to Kickabouts and small-sided showdowns.
Put your Football Ultimate Team to the test in Squad Building Challenges and Live Events. Or pick your favorite team and take on the world in classic Kick-Off matches.
 Join PS Plus
 Discover PlayStation Plus tiers and features
Build your competitive sports setup
Take your best shot at glory with pro-level accessories, whether you’re competing in online multiplayer matches or for bragging rights against friends on the sofa.
DualSense wireless controller
Nacon Revolution 5 Pro controller
PULSE Elite wireless headset
Nacon RIG 900 Max Wireless Headset
DualSense charging station
PowerA Essentials Pack
 DualSense Edge™ Wireless Controller
Get an edge in gameplay with remappable buttons, tunable triggers and sticks, changeable stick caps, back buttons, and more. Built with high performance and personalization in mind, the controller also retains all the immersive features of the DualSense wireless controller.
 Find out more
Also available
EA SPORTS FC 26
Featuring  an overhauled gameplay experience powered by feedback from the FC community, EA SPORTS FC 26 is available for PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5. Put your dream squad to the test in Football Ultimate Team, with Tournaments and Live Events, as well as a refreshed Rivals and Champs experience.
 Find out more
Discover more great sports games
Explore a range of incredible sports games out now or coming soon to PS4 and PS5.
Find out more
Accessibility Features
PS5 (18)PS4 (18)
Visuals
High Contrast Visuals
High Contrast Visuals
Characters, enemies, items, and interactive objects are easier to see against the environment.
Audio
Mono Audio
Mono Audio
You can set the audio output to be the same from each speaker.
Subtitles and Captions
Subtitles (Basic), Clear Subtitles
Subtitles (Basic)
The game includes subtitles for the main story and main characters only.
Clear Subtitles
Subtitles are presented in a way that helps make them easier to read.
Controls
Controller Remapping (Basic), Adjustable Stick Sensitivity (Basic), Adjustable Stick Inversion (Basic), Playable without Button Holds, Playable without Rapid Button Presses, Playable without Motion Controls, Playable without Touch Controls, Playable without Controller Vibration, Playable without Adaptive Trigger Effect
Controller Remapping (Basic)
You can change the controls to an alternate pre-set layout, or some remapping support is provided.
Adjustable Stick Sensitivity (Basic)
Some stick sensitivity options are provided.
Adjustable Stick Inversion (Basic)
Some options to invert sticks are provided.
Playable without Button Holds
You can play the game and navigate menus without holding down buttons.
Playable without Rapid Button Presses
You can play the game and navigate menus without needing to press buttons rapidly or within a time limit.
Playable without Motion Controls
You can play the game without needing to use motion controls.
Playable without Touch Controls
You can play the game without needing to use touch-based controls.
Playable without Controller Vibration
You can play the game without turning on controller vibration / haptic feedback.
Playable without Adaptive Trigger Effect
You can play the game without the adaptive resistance in the triggers turned on.
Gameplay
Adjustable Difficulty (Basic), Control Reminders, Practice Mode, Manual Saving
Adjustable Difficulty (Basic)
You can reduce the overall challenge of the game by choosing an alternative pre-set difficulty level.
Control Reminders
You can review the game controls at any time.
Practice Mode
You can access a consequence-free environment throughout the game to practice how to play.
Manual Saving
You can create manual save points that allow you to return to the game exactly where you left off.
Online Communication
Voice Chat Transcription
Voice Chat Transcription
Voice chats can be displayed as text.
Ratings and reviews
 Global player ratings
★★★★★
★★★★
★★★
★★
★
Editions
Filter By
Sort by:
Every review comes from a verified owner of this game or item and is evaluated by a team of moderators. Check the <a href="https://www.playstation.com/legal/reviews-policy/" data-label="rating-and-reviews-policy" target="_blank">Ratings and Reviews Policy</a> for more details.
 Helpful
 Report
 Show spoiler
Report a post
If you find this post inappropriate please let us know.
Cancel
Report
Report Review
Why shouldn't it be allowed on PlayStation Network?*
 It's rude, vulgar, or it uses bad language
 It's sexually explicit
 It's harassment or hate speech
 It's spam
 It describes, depicts, or condones an illegal act
Cancel
Continue
Report Review
Please explain the problem
 Please explain the issue *
Please add a description with a maximum of 150 characters.
Cancel
Continue
Report Review
Summary of your report
Offending player
Message
Explanation
Cancel
Continue
Thank you for reporting. Your report will be reviewed by PlayStation Safety, and action will be taken if appropriate.
Close
 Sign In to Rate
 Only owners of this game can rate it.
 Rate
 Your Rating
 Change Rating
No ratings and reviews. Be the first to rate!
Be the first to add a rating and review
Your review
 Share your thoughts and help other players in the community.
Delete
Spoiler
 Title
 Your review
Please add a description with a minimum of 1 character.
 Review includes spoiler
 I agree to the Terms & Conditions and Behavioral Guidelines*
Post Review!
Thank you for submitting your review. It may take up to 72 hours for your review to be posted.
Delete review?
You're about to permanently delete this review. This can't be undone.
Cancel
Delete
Spoiler
Platform:PS4, PS5Release:9/18/2026Publisher:Electronic Arts IncGenres:SportPS5 Voice:English, French (France)PS5 Screen Languages:Arabic, Chinese (Traditional), Czech, Dutch, English, French (France), German, Italian, Korean, Norwegian, Polish, Portuguese (Brazil), Portuguese (Portugal), Russian, Spanish, Spanish (Mexico), Swedish, TurkishPS4 Voice:Arabic, Chinese, Dutch, English, French (France), German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Polish, Portuguese (Brazil), Spanish, Spanish (Mexico), TurkishPS4 Screen Languages:Arabic, Chinese (Traditional), Czech, Danish, Dutch, English, French (France), German, Italian, Korean, Norwegian, Polish, Portuguese (Brazil), Portuguese (Portugal), Russian, Spanish, Spanish (Mexico), Swedish, Turkish
To play this game on PS5, your system may need to be updated to the latest system software. Although this game is playable on PS5, some features available on PS4 may be absent. See PlayStation.com/bc for more details.Online features require an account for PlayStation and are subject to terms of service and applicable privacy policy (playstation.com/Terms and playstation.com/legal/privacy-policy). Software subject to license (us.playstation.com/softwarelicense).You can download and play this content on the main PS5 console associated with your account (through the “Console Sharing and Offline Play” setting) and on any other PS5 consoles when you login with your same account.
This game includes optional in-game purchases of virtual currency that can be used to acquire virtual in-game items, including a random selection of virtual in-game items.Conditions & restrictions apply. See ea.com/legal/legal-disclosures for details.‡Conditions & restrictions apply. See ea.com/games/ea-sports-fc/fc-27/game-disclaimers for details.FC Points purchase is not available in Belgium and South Korea.Audio commentary for languages other than English and French requires a separate download.© 2026 Electronic Arts Inc. Electronic Arts, EA, EA SPORTS, the EA SPORTS logo, EA SPORTS FC, the EA SPORTS FC logo, Football Ultimate Team, and FUT are trademarks of Electronic Arts Inc.
 Home
 Games
 EA SPORTS™ FC 27
 About
About SIE
Careers
PlayStation Studios
PlayStation Productions
Corporate
History of PlayStation
 Products
PS5
PS4
PS VR2
PS Plus
Accessories
Games
 Values
Accessibility
Online safety
Diversity, equity & inclusion
 Support
Support hub
PlayStation Safety
Status
PlayStation Repairs
Password reset
Refund Request
Manuals
 Resources
Terms of service
PS Store cancellation policy
Age ratings
Health warning
Developers
Glossary
Official Licensing Program
 Connect
PlayStation App (iOS)
PlayStation App (Android)
Join our playtesting program
Beta Program at PlayStation
Sony Interactive Entertainment
© 2026 Sony Interactive Entertainment LLC All content, games titles, trade names and/or trade dress, trademarks, artwork and associated imagery are trademarks and/or copyright material of their respective owners. All rights reserved. More info
 United States
Legal
Privacy policy
Website terms of use
Site map
Do not share my personal information
 Back to PlayStation
Age restricted
EA SPORTS™ FC 27
Enter your date of birth.
MMDDYYYY Please enter a valid date
Confirm age
Sign In to your Sony account and we'll remember your age next time.
 Back to PlayStation
Age restricted
Sorry, you are not eligible to view this content.
 Back to PlayStation.com.
SENSITIVE_CONTENT
LIVE_BLOG_FEED_AGE_VERIFY
{NUM}
{OVERLINE}
{TITLE}
{PARAGRAPH}
{FEATURE_ICON}
{FEATURE_TITLE}
{FEATURE_DESC}
{BTN_LABEL}
{LINK_RESTART}
[executed on device: srv1999219 (cfd15436-963a-4eb5-a875-7030017c8a20)]
