Источник: https://support.activision.com/black-ops-7/articles/black-ops-7-editions
Проверено 2026-10-03

Call of Duty: Black Ops 7 Editions
Skip to main content
United States
Choose your region
United States
United Kingdom
France
España
Italia
Deutschland
Australia
Brasil
Norge
Suomi
日本語
简体中文
繁體中文
Belgium Français
한국
Luxembourg
 Close menu
 Log In
 My Account
 Sign Up
 Log Out
 Toggle navigation
 GAMES
 ONLINE SERVICES
 SUPPORT OPTIONS
 MY CASES
Awesome! You have priority access
Submit a ticket within Support Options, and our support experts will prioritize your case.
 EMAIL US
You have an open chat session in the queue
We’ve detected that you’re currently in a chat session. If you wish to continue, you’ll need to close your chat session before you can open a new case.
 Note: if you close your chat session, please wait at least five minutes for our systems to update and allow you to open a new case.
 Close
You have a chat session in progress
We’ve detected that you’re currently in a chat session. If you wish to continue, you’ll need to close your current chat session and then go to My Cases and close your case before you can start a new chat session.
 Note: if you close your chat session, please wait at least five minutes for our systems to update and allow you to open a new case.
 MY CASES
You have an open case.
You currently have an open case with us, and you may only have one support case open at a time. If you open a new case, your open case will be CLOSED and you will be placed at the end of the queue. We recommend waiting for your current case to be resolved
 CONTINUE
 MY CASES
Are you sure you want to close your case?
Starting a new session will CLOSE your open case and place you in the back of the queue. You can always wait for your current ticket to be resolved.
 START NEW SESSION
 MY CASES
Your ticket has been closed.
 Close
Describe your issue below and we’ll get back to you as soon as possible. In most cases, we’ll respond within 6 hours.
Game
 Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 4
 Call of Duty: Black Ops 7
 Call of Duty: Black Ops 6
 Call of Duty: Modern Warfare III
 Call of Duty: Warzone
 Call of Duty: Modern Warfare II
 Call of Duty: Vanguard
 Call of Duty: Black Ops Cold War
 Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2 Remastered
 Call of Duty: Modern Warfare
 Call of Duty: Black Ops 4
 Call of Duty: WWII
 Other Products
* All fields are required.
A response will be sent to the email in your account.Change my email address
We got your email!
One of our agents will review your message and get back to you via email.
Your case # is
Oops
Our bad. We encountered a problem on our end. Please try again later.
ARTICLE HELPFUL?
 YES
 NO
ARTICLE HELPFUL?
 PLEASE SELECT A REASON WHY
 Based on the title or description, the article didn't solve my issue.
 The article uses terms I don’t understand.
 The article was too long.
 Other
 Your feedback
 There is a 255-character limit for feedback entries.
  / 255
THANKS FOR YOUR FEEDBACK
 03/31/26
Call of Duty: Black Ops 7 Editions
An overview of the different editions of Call of Duty: Black Ops 7, including cross-gen options for consoles
In Call of Duty®: Black Ops 7, Treyarch and Raven Software are bringing players the biggest Black Ops ever.
The year is 2035 and the world is on the brink of chaos, ravaged by violent conflict and psychological warfare following the events of Call of Duty®: Black Ops 2 and Call of Duty®: Black Ops 6. Raul Menendez has returned with a chilling televised warning. As his threat rings out across the world, The Guild, a global tech giant, vows to step in and protect humanity.
Seeking his own answers, David Mason leads an elite JSOC team on a covert mission to the sprawling Mediterranean city of Avalon. While there, they discover a sophisticated plot that won’t just plunge the world into chaos, it will pull them into their own haunting pasts.
Call of Duty: Black Ops 7 will immerse players into a reality-shattering gameplay experience, all built upon the signature foundation of what makes Black Ops so beloved. Available now on Xbox (Xbox Series X|S and Xbox One), PlayStation (PlayStation 5 and PlayStation 4), PC via Xbox on PC, Battle.net, and Steam, and Game Pass on Xbox consoles and Xbox on PC through Game Pass Ultimate and Game Pass PC.
Vault Edition
The digital-only Vault Edition is packed with a selection of premium Call of Duty: Black Ops 7 rewards, offering the most content in any edition of the game. The Vault Edition is available on all platforms or as an upgrade option for players who have purchased a Digital Cross-Gen Bundle as well as Game Pass Ultimate or Game Pass PC subscribers.
In addition to the base game – Digital Cross-Gen version on consoles§ and Standard Edition on PC¶ – the Vault Edition includes the following bonus content:
Operator Collection
The Operator Collection includes the following skins for Multiplayer Operators:
Karma - Tech Guardian
Harper - Warranty Breaker
T.E.D.D. - Aether Assembly and Service Supreme
Reaper EWR-3 - Mind and Metal
The Operator Collection will be available in Call of Duty: Warzone starting in Season 01.
Mastercraft Weapon Collection
The Mastercraft Weapon Collection includes unique blueprints for the following weapons:
Blank Certainty Blueprint – Peacemaker MK1 (Assault Rifle)
Authorized Destroyed Blueprint – Dravec 45 (SMG)
Dire Experiment Blueprint – M10 Breacher (Shotgun)
Ballistic Scyth3 Blueprint – VS RECON (Sniper Rifle)
Shock Blade Blueprint – Flatline Mk.II (Melee)
The Mastercraft Weapon Collection will be available in Call of Duty: Warzone starting in Season 01.
Guild Override Weapon Camo
Instantly unlock the Guild Override Weapon Camo for use in Call of Duty: Black Ops 7, Call of Duty: Black Ops 6, and Call of Duty: Warzone.
Reznov Challenge Pack†
Instantly unlock all three Operators in the Reznov Challenge Pack for use in Call of Duty: Black Ops 6 and Call of Duty: Warzone.
One Season of BlackCell Battle Pass‡
Get access to one Season of the Call of Duty: Black Ops 7 BlackCell Battle Pass offering available at the start of the first Season after your pre-order or purchase.
BlackCell unlocks a range of content, including:
1,100 COD Points (instant unlock)
20 Battle Pass Tier Skips (instant unlock)
Exclusive BlackCell content (instant unlock)
the full Battle Pass with over 100 unlockable rewards, including Base Weapons, Blueprints and Operator Skins with BlackCell variants, COD Points, XP Tokens, cosmetic items, and more
Ultra GobbleGum Pack
Start your assault on the undead in Zombies with Ultra GobbleGums. The Ultra GobbleGum Pack delivers eight unique, single-use consumables to enhance your fight with distinctive in-game effects for you and your squad. Stay tuned for more details about the Ultra GobbleGum Pack.
Permanent Unlock Token
Available in Call of Duty: Black Ops 7 at launch, the Permanent Unlock Token included in the Vault Edition allows players to permanently unlock any unlockable progression item on day one, even before entering Prestige.
Digital Cross-Gen Editions on Consoles§
Available on Xbox and PlayStation, Digital Cross-Gen Editions§ include the base game playable on both console generations within the same console family (Xbox Series X|S and Xbox One, or PlayStation 5 and PlayStation 4). Digital Cross-Gen Editions give players the flexibility to play on multiple consoles or take advantage of potential upgrade options.
Please note: When installing the game on PlayStation 5, be sure to install that console’s version of the game, as both versions may be available for download in the Cross-Gen Bundle.
Game Pass Options
Players with Game Pass Ultimate or Game Pass PC subscriptions will have access to the complete Call of Duty: Black Ops 7 game. Subscriptions must be active in order to play.
PC Standard Edition¶
The PC Standard Edition is only available digitally and can be purchased through Xbox on PC, Battle.net, or Steam.
Game Pass Option
PC players can optionally subscribe to Game Pass Ultimate or Game Pass PC to play Call of Duty: Black Ops 7. Xbox PC App with access to the Microsoft Store required. Subscriptions must be active in order to play.
Physical Editions on Consoles§
Physical Editions of Call of Duty: Black Ops 7 can be purchased for Xbox and PlayStation consoles.
Xbox Cross-Gen Bundle: Includes a cross-gen version of Call of Duty: Black Ops 7 playable on Xbox Series X and Xbox One.
PlayStation 5: Includes Call of Duty: Black Ops 7, playable on PlayStation 5 only. The physical edition on PlayStation 5 does not include cross-gen.
PlayStation 4 Cross-Gen Bundle: Includes a Cross-Gen version of Call of Duty: Black Ops 7 playable on PlayStation 4 and includes a code for a digital version of the game on PlayStation 5.
Important: The game disc will be required to play the PlayStation 5 version.
Please note: Physical editions of the game will not operate on Xbox Series S or a digital-only PlayStation 5.
Is an internet connection required to play Call of Duty: Black Ops 7?
To deliver the highest-quality visuals while also reducing the game’s overall storage space on your hard drive, Call of Duty: Black Ops 7 will use texture streaming across all game modes. This means you’ll need a continuous internet connection to play any game mode, including Campaign.
Does Call of Duty: Black Ops 7 support split-screen gameplay?
Split-screen gameplay (two players sharing a screen) for Call of Duty: Black Ops 7 will be available on Xbox Series X|S and PlayStation 5. To ensure performance integrity, split-screen gameplay will not be supported on Xbox One or PlayStation 4.
In what languages is the game available?
Call of Duty: Black Ops 7 is available in the following languages:
English (US)
Deutsch
Español (AL)
Español (EU)
Français
Italiano
Polski
Português (BR)
Русский
한국어
日本語
繁體中文
Language availability may be limited based on your region and preferred platform. For more information, please refer to the Call of Duty: Black Ops 7 page in your platform’s store.
Activision ID accounts permanently banned from previous Call of Duty titles starting with Call of Duty: Modern Warfare (2019) and Call of Duty console and PC titles released thereafter as well as Call of Duty: Warzone Mobile may not be eligible to play Call of Duty: Black Ops 7, per the existing Security and Enforcement Policy.
Battle.net accounts that have been permanently banned from Call of Duty: Black Ops 6, Call of Duty: Modern Warfare III, Call of Duty: Modern Warfare II, or Call of Duty: Warzone will not be eligible to purchase Call of Duty: Black Ops 7 from the Blizzard Digital Store. Players may have the ability to purchase Call of Duty: Black Ops 7 digitally on Xbox and PlayStation, as well as on Microsoft Store and Steam; however, permanently banned accounts will not be eligible to play online modes in Call of Duty: Black Ops 7 in those versions.
Pre-Order Bonus Content
The following bonus content was available to players who pre-ordered Call of Duty: Black Ops 7.
Open Beta Early Access
Reznov Challenge Pack – any digital edition, for use in Call of Duty: Black Ops 6 and Call of Duty: Warzone. Available in the Vault Edition post-launch; not usable in Call of Duty: Black Ops 7.
Guild Override Weapon Camo – any digital edition, for use in Call of Duty: Black Ops 7, Call of Duty: Black Ops 6 and Call of Duty: Warzone. Available in the Vault Edition post-launch.
Reznov Command Unit Operator Skin – any digital edition, for use in Call of Duty®: Mobile
† Call of Duty: Black Ops 6 / Call of Duty: Warzone on pre-order platform required to redeem Reznov Challenge Pack. Sold/downloaded separately. Must be redeemed by November 14, 2026. Update (10/02/2025): Due to changes in content approach between Call of Duty: Black Ops 6 and Call of Duty: Black Ops 7, Operators from the Reznov Challenge Pack will not be playable in Call of Duty: Black Ops 7.
‡ Battle Pass, Call of Duty Points, and Tier Skips will be accessible in Black Ops 7 once the Season 01 Battle Pass is made available in game. Battle Pass redemption applies to one Season of Black Ops 7 Battle Pass only.
§ Console players:
A PlayStation®Plus or Game Pass Essential subscription is required to access all social features and play all game modes except for solo gameplay in Co-Op Campaign. Interacting with other players or attempting to access content that requires a subscription will trigger a prompt to purchase a subscription.
A mobile phone number linked to your Activision account may be required to play Call of Duty: Black Ops 7.
¶ PC players:
TPM 2.0 and Secure Boot required, other security measures may be enforced. Learn more at https://support.activision.com/tpm.
A mobile phone number linked to your Activision account may be required to play Call of Duty: Black Ops 7.
Looking For More Help?
SUPPORT OPTIONS
BROWSE THE CALL OF DUTY: BLACK OPS 7 SUPPORT PAGE
 ACTIVISION.COM
 ABOUT US
 CAREERS
 PRESS CENTER
 RATINGS & RESOURCES
 INVESTOR RELATIONS
 NEWS
 SUPPORT
 GAMES
 SUPPORT OPTIONS
 GAME MANUALS
 SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENTS
 TWITTER
 PRIVACY
 LEGAL
 TERMS OF USE
 PRIVACY POLICY
 COOKIE POLICY
 ESRB.ORG
 FOLLOW ACTIVISION SUPPORT
Copyright 2026 Activision Publishing, Inc.
FOLLOW ACTIVISION SUPPORT
Copyright 2026 Activision Publishing, Inc.
[executed on device: srv1999219 (cfd15436-963a-4eb5-a875-7030017c8a20)]
