Источник: https://www.playstation.com/en-us/games/resident-evil-requiem/
Проверено 2026-10-03

Resident Evil Requiem - PS5 Games | PlayStation (US)
Resident Evil Requiem
Capcom
Available onPS5
$69.99
Add to Cart
Add to Wishlist
Add to Cart
Add to Wishlist
In-game purchases optional
Offline play enabled
1 player
Remote Play supported
PS5 and PS Portal cloud streaming supported only with Premium subscription
PS5 Version
Vibration function and trigger effect supported (DualSense wireless controller)
PS5 Pro Enhanced
Game Help supported
View All
Blood and Gore, Intense Violence, Strong Language
In-Game Purchases
Buy Resident Evil Requiem on PlayStation Store
Editions:
Standard Edition
Standard Edition
Resident Evil Requiem
$69.99
Add to Cart
Add to Wishlist
Add to Cart
Add to Wishlist
Resident Evil Requiem - Demo
Resident Evil Requiem - Demo
FreeTrial
Add to Library
Add to Wishlist
Add to Library
Add to Wishlist
Deluxe Edition
Deluxe Edition
Resident Evil Requiem
Deluxe Kit
$79.99
Add to Cart
Add to Wishlist
Add to Cart
Add to Wishlist
Add-Ons
Resident Evil Requiem - Deluxe Kit
PS5Add-on
$14.99
Resident Evil Requiem - Grace's Costume: Apocalypse
PS5Costume
$2.99
Show More
What is Resident Evil Requiem?
Requiem for the dead. Nightmare for the living.
Prepare to escape death in a heart-stopping experience that will chill you to your core.
A new era of survival horror arrives with Resident Evil Requiem, the ninth title in the mainline Resident Evil series. Experience terrifying survival horror with FBI analyst Grace Ashcroft, and dive into pulse-pounding action with legendary agent Leon S. Kennedy. Both of their journeys and unique gameplay styles intertwine into a heart-stopping, emotional experience that will chill you to your core.
Experience the series' classic survival horror through combat, investigations, puzzles and resource management. Gameplay allows you to freely switch between first and third-person views to face the horrors in a way that suits your playstyle.
 Video gallery
 Resident Evil Requiem trailers
Key features
Why you should play Resident Evil Requiem
Two protagonists, two experiences.
 Grace Ashcroft
 Leon S. Kennedy
 Heart-stopping horror
 Survival with limited resources
Grace is limited by the supplies she can obtain and carry. Analyzing enemies to determine when to fight or flee is the key to life or death.
 Item crafting
Grace can use infected enemy blood to craft items, ammo and injectors that can take down enemies in one hit.
 Death-defying action
 Exhilarating action
Along with an array of firearms and Leon's trusty hatchet, fight using melee attacks, parries and even enemy weapons. Use everything at your disposal to take down enemies.
 An arsenal of customizable equipment
Leon can use many types of weapons. Keep ammo and recovery items organized in his attaché case and upgrade his weapons with customizable parts.
Who are the characters in Resident Evil Requiem?
Meet the cast
 Grace Ashcroft
An intelligence analyst for the FBI who demonstrates intense focus and insight in deductive reasoning and analysis. Her mother's death shook her to the soul, making her an introvert who immerses herself in work. She heads to the abandoned Wrenwood Hotel, the site of her mother's murder, to investigate deaths connected to a mysterious disease.
 Leon S. Kennedy
One of the survivors of the Raccoon City Incident. With a strong sense of justice and physical capabilities to match, he has responded to numerous outbreaks since that fateful day. Now, as a seasoned DSO agent combatting bioterrorism, he has returned to investigate the latest string of deaths in the Midwest.
 Alyssa Ashcroft
A survivor of the Raccoon City Incident and Grace's mother. She was a reporter when the original outbreak occurred. She's a strong-willed, determined woman who carried on with her journalism even after the Raccoon City Incident, continuing to dig into the truth behind Umbrella until her tragic death.
Resident Evil Requiem gameplay
Choose your perspective
Both Grace and Leon's stories can be experienced from first and third-person perspective. Face fear from the viewpoint of your choice.
 Grace Ashcroft
 Leon S. Kennedy
First-person perspective
Third-person perspective
First-person perspective
Third-person perspective
Where does Resident Evil Requiem take place?
 Return to where it all began
Resident Evil Requiem features thrilling locations such as the zombie-infested chronic care center and the dilapidated, missile-scarred remains of Raccoon City. What unspeakable horrors lie in wait for Grace and Leon?
 More from the series
Resident Evil games available on PS5 and PS4
 HorrorResident Evil 4 Remake
 HorrorResident Evil Village
 HorrorResident Evil 3
 HorrorResident Evil 2
 HorrorResident Evil VII: Biohazard
 HorrorResident Evil Revelations 2
New to Resident Evil?
Explore the unforgettable games, heroes and villains that make this one of the most iconic survival horror series of all time.
Find out more
Ratings and reviews
 Global player ratings
★★★★★
★★★★
★★★
★★
★
Editions
Filter By
Sort by:
Every review comes from a verified owner of this game or item and is evaluated by a team of moderators. Check the <a href="https://www.playstation.com/legal/reviews-policy/" data-label="rating-and-reviews-policy" target="_blank">Ratings and Reviews Policy</a> for more details.
 Helpful
 Report
 Show spoiler
Report a post
If you find this post inappropriate please let us know.
Cancel
Report
Report Review
Why shouldn't it be allowed on PlayStation Network?*
 It's rude, vulgar, or it uses bad language
 It's sexually explicit
 It's harassment or hate speech
 It's spam
 It describes, depicts, or condones an illegal act
Cancel
Continue
Report Review
Please explain the problem
 Please explain the issue *
Please add a description with a maximum of 150 characters.
Cancel
Continue
Report Review
Summary of your report
Offending player
Message
Explanation
Cancel
Continue
Thank you for reporting. Your report will be reviewed by PlayStation Safety, and action will be taken if appropriate.
Close
 Sign In to Rate
 Only owners of this game can rate it.
 Rate
 Your Rating
 Change Rating
No ratings and reviews. Be the first to rate!
Be the first to add a rating and review
Your review
 Share your thoughts and help other players in the community.
Delete
Spoiler
 Title
 Your review
Please add a description with a minimum of 1 character.
 Review includes spoiler
 I agree to the Terms & Conditions and Behavioral Guidelines*
Post Review!
Thank you for submitting your review. It may take up to 72 hours for your review to be posted.
Delete review?
You're about to permanently delete this review. This can't be undone.
Cancel
Delete
Spoiler
Platform:PS5Release:2/27/2026Publisher:Capcom U.S.A., Inc.Genres:ActionVoice:Chinese, English, French (France), German, Italian, Japanese, Portuguese (Brazil), Russian, Spanish, Spanish (Mexico)Screen Languages:Arabic, Chinese (Simplified), Chinese (Traditional), English, French (France), German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Polish, Portuguese (Brazil), Russian, Spanish, Spanish (Mexico)
Online features require an account for PlayStation and are subject to terms of service and applicable privacy policy (playstation.com/Terms and playstation.com/legal/privacy-policy). Software subject to license (us.playstation.com/softwarelicense).You can download and play this content on the main PS5 console associated with your account (through the “Console Sharing and Offline Play” setting) and on any other PS5 consoles when you login with your same account.
©CAPCOM
 Home
 Games
 Resident Evil Requiem
 About
About SIE
Careers
PlayStation Studios
PlayStation Productions
Corporate
History of PlayStation
 Products
PS5
PS4
PS VR2
PS Plus
Accessories
Games
 Values
Accessibility
Online safety
Diversity, equity & inclusion
 Support
Support hub
PlayStation Safety
Status
PlayStation Repairs
Password reset
Refund Request
Manuals
 Resources
Terms of service
PS Store cancellation policy
Age ratings
Health warning
Developers
Glossary
Official Licensing Program
 Connect
PlayStation App (iOS)
PlayStation App (Android)
Join our playtesting program
Beta Program at PlayStation
Sony Interactive Entertainment
© 2026 Sony Interactive Entertainment LLC All content, games titles, trade names and/or trade dress, trademarks, artwork and associated imagery are trademarks and/or copyright material of their respective owners. All rights reserved. More info
 United States
Legal
Privacy policy
Website terms of use
Site map
Do not share my personal information
 Back to PlayStation
Age restricted
Resident Evil Requiem
Enter your date of birth.
MMDDYYYY Please enter a valid date
Confirm age
Sign In to your Sony account and we'll remember your age next time.
 Back to PlayStation
Age restricted
Sorry, you are not eligible to view this content.
 Back to PlayStation.com.
SENSITIVE_CONTENT
LIVE_BLOG_FEED_AGE_VERIFY
{NUM}
{OVERLINE}
{TITLE}
{PARAGRAPH}
{FEATURE_ICON}
{FEATURE_TITLE}
{FEATURE_DESC}
{BTN_LABEL}
{LINK_RESTART}
[executed on device: srv1999219 (cfd15436-963a-4eb5-a875-7030017c8a20)]
