Источник: https://www.playstation.com/en-us/games/stalker-2-heart-of-chornobyl/
Проверено 2026-10-03

S.T.A.L.K.E.R. 2: Heart of Chornobyl
S.T.A.L.K.E.R. 2: Heart of Chornobyl
GSC Game World Global LTD
PS5Standard EditionPS5 Pro Enhanced
$59.99
Add to Cart
Add to Wishlist
Add to Cart
Add to Wishlist
1 player
PS5 and PS Portal cloud streaming supported only with Premium subscription
Accessibility features (6)Accessibility Features
PS5 Version
Vibration function and trigger effect supported (DualSense wireless controller)
PS5 Pro Enhanced
Blood and Gore, Intense Violence, Strong Language, Use of Alcohol and Tobacco
Editions:
Standard Edition
Standard Edition
S.T.A.L.K.E.R. 2: Heart of Chornobyl
$59.99
Add to Cart
Add to Wishlist
Add to Cart
Add to Wishlist
Deluxe Edition
Deluxe Edition
S.T.A.L.K.E.R. 2: Heart of Chornobyl
Deluxe Weapons & Suit Pack
Bonus Side Quest
Artbook and Soundtrack application
$79.99
Add to Cart
Add to Wishlist
Add to Cart
Add to Wishlist
Ultimate Edition
Ultimate Edition
S.T.A.L.K.E.R. 2: Heart of Chornobyl
Deluxe Weapons & Suit Pack
Season Pass
Bonus Side Quest
Artbook & Soundtrack
S.T.A.L.K.E.R. 2: Cost of Hope
Ultimate Weapons & Suit Pack
$76.99Discounted from original price of $109.99$109.99
Save 30%Offer ends 10/8/2026 06:59 AM UTCLowest price in last 30 days: $109.99
Add to Cart
Add to Wishlist
Add to Cart
Add to Wishlist
Add-Ons
S.T.A.L.K.E.R. 2: Cost of Hope
PS5Episode
$29.99
S.T.A.L.K.E.R. 2: Heart of Chornobyl — Standard to Ultimate Upgrade
PS5Add-On Pack
$54.99
S.T.A.L.K.E.R. 2: Heart of Chornobyl — Deluxe to Ultimate Upgrade
PS5Add-On Pack
Unavailable
S.T.A.L.K.E.R. 2: Heart of Chornobyl — Standard to Deluxe Upgrade
PS5Add-On Pack
$24.99
Show More
THE LEGENDARY S.T.A.L.K.E.R. RETURNSThe Zone has expanded, now spanning a much bigger, harsher and more seamless open world. Known for its gritty, rusted atmosphere, where the world feels eerily alive. It’s a brutal landscape, shaped by danger, mystery, and survival.Only the brave are able to push through. WELCOME TO THE ZONEIn 1986 the world witnessed the Chornobyl Nuclear Power Plant accident. The second catastrophic explosion came in 2006. What followed was the birth of THE ZONE — an anomalous place where the laws of our world no longer apply. Years later, the Zone is still sealed off, yet there are those that dare venture into it, they call themselves… STALKERS.WHAT IS OUT THERE, NO ONE TRULY KNOWSExplore the abandoned city of Pripyat, the rusted skeleton of the Duga-1, forgotten villages and hidden underground laboratories concealing dark secrets, all lost for decades now reclaimed by the Zone. And scattered across it all — anomalies that rewrite the laws of physics, each one guarding an artifact worthy of dying for.THE ZONE IS UNFORGIVING...Scavenge and trade what you can, tune your loadout with numerous guns, attachments, detectors and gear, as you face deadly radiation, unexplainable anomalies, bloodthirsty mutants, and rival stalkers who'll drop you for your gear without a second thought. Resources are scarce, equipment wears out - make every bullet count. NO STALKER’S JOURNEY IS THE SAMEChoose your allies and enemies wisely, and overcome countless hardships. Every choice, big and small, will shape your path ahead. Each perilous expedition could be your last. Some only go in once. Most go back… to them the Zone becomes a way of life.THE ZONE AWAITSThe Zone doesn't stand still, it's a living world where factions, stalkers, mutants, and the environment constantly interact, always moving even without you, and it won't stop when you're gone. Unforgiving, it lures stalkers from all over, on the hunt for its treasures and secrets. Good hunting, stalker.
The best survival games on PS4 and PS5
Forage resources, craft tools and do what it takes to stay alive in some of PlayStation's best survival games.
 Discover survival games
Accessibility Features
Visuals
Color Alternatives
Color Alternatives
You don't need to rely on understanding color to play the game, or important colors can be changed to make them easier to tell apart.
Audio
Mono Audio, 3D Audio
Mono Audio
You can set the audio output to be the same from each speaker.
3D Audio
You can set the audio output so that sounds can be heard from all around you.
Controls
Adjustable Stick Sensitivity (Basic), Playable without Button Holds, Playable without Rapid Button Presses
Adjustable Stick Sensitivity (Basic)
Some stick sensitivity options are provided.
Playable without Button Holds
You can play the game and navigate menus without holding down buttons.
Playable without Rapid Button Presses
You can play the game and navigate menus without needing to press buttons rapidly or within a time limit.
Ratings and reviews
 Global player ratings
★★★★★
★★★★
★★★
★★
★
Editions
Filter By
Sort by:
Every review comes from a verified owner of this game or item and is evaluated by a team of moderators. Check the <a href="https://www.playstation.com/legal/reviews-policy/" data-label="rating-and-reviews-policy" target="_blank">Ratings and Reviews Policy</a> for more details.
 Helpful
 Report
 Show spoiler
Report a post
If you find this post inappropriate please let us know.
Cancel
Report
Report Review
Why shouldn't it be allowed on PlayStation Network?*
 It's rude, vulgar, or it uses bad language
 It's sexually explicit
 It's harassment or hate speech
 It's spam
 It describes, depicts, or condones an illegal act
Cancel
Continue
Report Review
Please explain the problem
 Please explain the issue *
Please add a description with a maximum of 150 characters.
Cancel
Continue
Report Review
Summary of your report
Offending player
Message
Explanation
Cancel
Continue
Thank you for reporting. Your report will be reviewed by PlayStation Safety, and action will be taken if appropriate.
Close
 Sign In to Rate
 Only owners of this game can rate it.
 Rate
 Your Rating
 Change Rating
No ratings and reviews. Be the first to rate!
Be the first to add a rating and review
Your review
 Share your thoughts and help other players in the community.
Delete
Spoiler
 Title
 Your review
Please add a description with a minimum of 1 character.
 Review includes spoiler
 I agree to the Terms & Conditions and Behavioral Guidelines*
Post Review!
Thank you for submitting your review. It may take up to 72 hours for your review to be posted.
Delete review?
You're about to permanently delete this review. This can't be undone.
Cancel
Delete
Spoiler
Platform:PS5Release:11/20/2025Publisher:GSC Game World Global LTDGenres:Adventure, Shooter, HorrorVoice:English, UkrainianScreen Languages:Arabic, Chinese (Simplified), Chinese (Traditional), Czech, English, French (France), German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Polish, Portuguese (Brazil), Russian, Spanish, Spanish (Mexico), Turkish, Ukrainian
Online features require an account for PlayStation and are subject to terms of service and applicable privacy policy (playstation.com/Terms and playstation.com/legal/privacy-policy). Software subject to license (us.playstation.com/softwarelicense).You can download and play this content on the main PS5 console associated with your account (through the “Console Sharing and Offline Play” setting) and on any other PS5 consoles when you login with your same account.
 Home
 Games
 S.T.A.L.K.E.R. 2: Heart of Chornobyl
 About
About SIE
Careers
PlayStation Studios
PlayStation Productions
Corporate
History of PlayStation
 Products
PS5
PS4
PS VR2
PS Plus
Accessories
Games
 Values
Accessibility
Online safety
Diversity, equity & inclusion
 Support
Support hub
PlayStation Safety
Status
PlayStation Repairs
Password reset
Refund Request
Manuals
 Resources
Terms of service
PS Store cancellation policy
Age ratings
Health warning
Developers
Glossary
Official Licensing Program
 Connect
PlayStation App (iOS)
PlayStation App (Android)
Join our playtesting program
Beta Program at PlayStation
Sony Interactive Entertainment
© 2026 Sony Interactive Entertainment LLC All content, games titles, trade names and/or trade dress, trademarks, artwork and associated imagery are trademarks and/or copyright material of their respective owners. All rights reserved. More info
 United States
Legal
Privacy policy
Website terms of use
Site map
Do not share my personal information
 Back to PlayStation
Age restricted
S.T.A.L.K.E.R. 2: Heart of Chornobyl
Enter your date of birth.
MMDDYYYY Please enter a valid date
Confirm age
Sign In to your Sony account and we'll remember your age next time.
 Back to PlayStation
Age restricted
Sorry, you are not eligible to view this content.
 Back to PlayStation.com.
SENSITIVE_CONTENT
LIVE_BLOG_FEED_AGE_VERIFY
{NUM}
{OVERLINE}
{TITLE}
{PARAGRAPH}
{FEATURE_ICON}
{FEATURE_TITLE}
{FEATURE_DESC}
{BTN_LABEL}
{LINK_RESTART}
[executed on device: srv1999219 (cfd15436-963a-4eb5-a875-7030017c8a20)]
